Create layer2Account.md (#28)
nervosnetwork/godwoken-doc: versioned_docs/version-1.2-rc1(WIP)/layer2Account.md

---
id: layer2Account
title: Layer 2 Account in Godwoken
---

import useBaseUrl from "@docusaurus/useBaseUrl";

Godwoken v1 introduced the registry and registry address, both of which can be seen as alias mechanisms for layer 2 accounts. 

> A layer 2 account can be referenced by ID or by script (a hash of a script usually) itself. However, in some environments, it is also required to access an account by alias. For example, there is no such thing as a Godwoken `ID` or `script` in the EVM environment, and so access to an account can only be made through an ETH address.

Reviewer: A layer 2 account can be referenced by an ID or by a script (usually a hash of a script). However, in some environments, it is also required to access an account by an alias. For example, in the EVM environment, there is no such thing as a Godwoken `ID` or `script`. Therefore, access to an account can only be made through an ETH address.

> A layer 2 account can be referenced by ID or by script ( a hash of a script usually) itself. However, in some environments, it is also required to access an account by alias. For example, there is no such thing as a Godwoken `ID` or `script` in the EVM environment, and so access to an account can only be made through an ETH address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A layer 2 account can be referenced by ID or by script (a hash of a script usually) itself. However, in some environments, it is also required to access an account by alias. For example, there is no such thing as a Godwoken `ID` or `script` in the EVM environment, and so access to an account can only be made through an ETH address.
```

Reviewer 3: Maybe `key value storage` can be edited to `key-value storage`?

> In this case, a registry is an account. The alias mapping relation is stored in the key value storage of the registry account. The registry address code is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, a registry is an account. The alias mapping relation is stored in the key value storage of the registry account. The registry address is encoded as follows:
```

> In this case, a registry is an account. The alias mapping relation is stored in the key-value storage of the registry account. The registry address is encoded as follows:

Reviewer: In this case, a registry is an account. Alias mappings are stored in the key-value storage of the registry account. The registry address is encoded as follows:

```
(registry ID 4 bytes) | (alias address length 4 bytes) | (alias address n bytes)

```

> In Godwoken, every layer 2 account is a tuple of ``(ID, L1 script)`` concept. The ``ID``  is an auto-incrementing number, and the ``L1 script`` is the CKB core data structure unique as to each layer 2 account. `script` , i.e. the CKB core data structure is defined as follows:

Reviewer: The ``ID``  后多了一个空格

```bash
/* https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb/blob/develop/util/types/schemas/blockchain.mol */
table Script {
    code_hash:      Byte32,
    hash_type:      byte,
    args:           Bytes,
}

```

This structure indicates the script that will be loaded when validating an L1 transaction. And, Godwoken re-used this structure on layer 2, in which:

> - `code_hash - code_hash` indicates the executable binary used for verifying the layer 2 transaction. If a layer 2 account represents an EVM contract,  the `script.code_hash` of that account will point to the binary file that can verify the EVM transaction.

Reviewer: an EVM contract,  后多了一个空格
